README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TITAH-ISMAIL/TITAH-ISMAIL/refs/heads/main/Profile%20Cover.png" alt="Header Image">
</p>
<h3 align="center">Quote</h1>
<p align="center">
  <em>حُزْنَ مُسْتَعْمِلِ الدَّوالِ اخْتِيَارًا ✧ وَتَجَنَّبْنَ ظُلْمَةَ التَّعْقِيدِ</em><br/>
  <em>وَرَكِبْنَ الْكُودَ الْقَرِيبَ فَأَدْرَكْ ✧ نَ بِهِ غَايَةَ الْمُرَادِ الْبَعِيدِ</em><br/>
  <small>- مستوحى من البحتري -</small>
</p>

## 👨‍💻 About Me

Hi, I'm **Ismail Abdou**, a passionate **Frontend Developer** from Algeria 🇩🇿.  
I enjoy crafting elegant, accessible, and responsive user interfaces using modern web technologies.  
I believe that great code is like great poetry – elegant, expressive, and timeless.

---

## ⚒️ Skills & Technologies

- 💻 **Languages:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python  
- 🧰 **Tools:** Git, Figma, Linux
- 🌐 **Frameworks & Libraries:** Bootstrap, Tailwind, React JS, React Native, Express JS, Electron, Node JS ,
- 🗄️ **Databases:** MongoDB , Supabase

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.electronjs.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/electron/electron-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
</p>

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=titah-ismail&layout=compact&theme=radical" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

---

## 📬 Contact Me

- 📧 Email: **ismailabdou981@gmail.com**  

---

<p align="center">
  <i>“Keep it simple, readable, and scalable.”</i>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Made with ❤️ by Ismail Abdou</strong>
</p>

Commit message:

learn cpp
learning cpp and cpp oop and make some lists of cpp examples games & apps

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TITAH-ISMAIL/TITAH-ISMAIL/refs/heads/main/Profile%20Cover.png" alt="Header Image">
</p>
<h3 align="center">Quote</h1>
<p align="center">
  <em>حُزْنَ مُسْتَعْمِلِ الدَّوالِ اخْتِيَارًا ✧ وَتَجَنَّبْنَ ظُلْمَةَ التَّعْقِيدِ</em><br/>
  <em>وَرَكِبْنَ الْكُودَ الْقَرِيبَ فَأَدْرَكْ ✧ نَ بِهِ غَايَةَ الْمُرَادِ الْبَعِيدِ</em><br/>
  <small>- مستوحى من البحتري -</small>
</p>

## 👨‍💻 About Me

Hi, I'm **Ismail Abdou**, a passionate **Frontend Developer** from Algeria 🇩🇿.  
I enjoy crafting elegant, accessible, and responsive user interfaces using modern web technologies.  
I believe that great code is like great poetry – elegant, expressive, and timeless.

---

## 📚 Currently Learning

I'm currently diving into **C++ fundamentals** and **Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)** to deepen my understanding of low-level programming and strengthen my problem-solving skills.

---

## ⚒️ Skills & Technologies

- 💻 **Languages:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, Python  
- 🧰 **Tools:** Git, Figma, Linux
- 🌐 **Frameworks & Libraries:** Bootstrap, Tailwind, React JS, React Native, Express JS, Electron, Node JS ,
- 🗄️ **Databases:** MongoDB , Supabase

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://getbootstrap.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.electronjs.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/electron/electron-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://expressjs.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.figma.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.mongodb.com/" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40" height="40"/></a>
</p>

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=titah-ismail&layout=compact&theme=radical" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

---

## 📬 Contact Me

- 📧 Email: **ismailabdou981@gmail.com**  

---

<p align="center">
  <i>“Keep it simple, readable, and scalable.”</i>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Made with ❤️ by Ismail Abdou</strong>
</p>
